Described virtual products and added an example creating product type with PHP API (#3024)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/pim/pim_guide.md

![Product categories](img/product_categories.png)

### Virtual and physical products

Product types in [[= product_name =]] can be either virtual or physical:

- **Physical products** are tangible items that require shipping (for example: books, clothing, electronics).

> - **Virtual products** are digital items that don't require physical delivery (for example: software licenses, e-books, online courses, digital downloads).

Reviewer: I disagree with "digital" here. There are some examples that are at the edge, nothing is shipped this time but could have been already shipped ("subscription renewal" of a GPS device, of an e-reader device, internet box TV programs, …), or it can become physical when needed ("Additional X years insurance or warranty" with product replacement or loan of the similar product during the repairs, …), it can be a virtual tokken giving access to physical product ("spectacle ticket", "virtual gift card" for recipient to buy real products,…). Let's not focus on "digital" and see usages that can be invented.

```suggestion
- **Virtual products** are items that don't require physical delivery (for example: software licenses, e-books, online courses, digital downloads, additional warranty, tickets for an event).
```

(No issue in the fact that the example is a digital product.)

Author: Nice suggestion, thank you!

This product type property affects the checkout process.

> Virtual products skip the [shipping step](shipping_management.md) during checkout.

Reviewer: I would avoid confusion here, their presence doesn't "force skip".

```suggestion
This product type property can affect the checkout process.
A cart of only virtual products skips the [shipping step](shipping_management.md) during checkout.
```
